Yeah.
That was a yeah. I get to you, Quintinos depos.
What else?
Then he has experience. Yeah, previously.
No zone.
Data
Okay, Patty. Pica
And those Inosiana in in Florida.
Helena.
This is our phone. No, Bakina got a sorry.
Solidarius Kevin Association, the Aka Al Zoevo
Hey! Lena!
Green. Androba also is a elementos. Hey? Look!
I say, I Amos Ivano, Damian, that's a motel.
I say, mohis
But I will. Morning
I see gay
You see
2,
I'm in Canada, Kelina and I got the portrait , and so, Gary, I'm winning now.
Yeah, ma'am, and
Is it
Okay.
Yeah. Man.
Alright. Yeah. See, it's just.
I'll have one single index
But all you see, Liva Kimuchi, while
Listen what is it?
And
But then I want to add that I better
This? Is it
See in the idea, see.
See you do. Okay, hey? I know.
Oh no!
Got it
And so as a when
Good! Hi!
And don't. Says, is.
Kalina, Mankindo
Tell us yes.
No for fun, and mama's gonna see?
Team
How Lucy E. I. At the arms
Well.
Hello!
Yeah, well, no. And we then, yeah, I'm going to see Mintos. Mu.
Willie, Hanos yeah, it's a new mechanism.
You the Yoda and everything, we would be almost.
Better.
And see.
I are you through? See
9. Can you let them all you needa good us. I see that
No good to you.
So I can make area
Got it
Yeah, kind of a by no bonus.
Ida again. 80'clock, maybe.
Laura Mike, it's okay.
See how you look for a world inverse Nope, I'm gather above system.
Yeah, okay, perfect.
I see. Okay. So hey, bye, column column drivers
Again, any any Indonesia? Napoleon's Serpent.
See.
Delicacy. They're gonna they're gonna
Perfect.
Perfect. I was like that
And
No, I assume, and it's the unario.
Yeah, they just show that we move to the employees around here at the La Pandemia, the L.
And this is the
Hey! Come on, Zambian!
Yeah, it's lean. No, but again, thank you.
Thalman the show. And and please CPU. No, no, you are.
Meaning them.
You wanna
Better than
Perfect you will, Bunny, Comos, Shamala, Ramyan, Tista the Osha.
As you, that
No, no, no github Kay, has come up pass.
It doesn't call your conscience
Yes, yes, a encode when
Not perfect.
Perfect.
Team, hey? I seek in. But then in
Think.
But affect them, and and see one of lo location. Okay?
Yeah.
They get them longer
Hey? It's a now, I see. See.
Think we'll get
No, Barbara.
Okay, don't make your data. Then try and menu
Oh, may get it they are, see, and make oursap mocharia.
Perfect.
A.
Yes.
No! But if I again
Hi, maybe that's not partition
Really, this is a. It's a Aldi
Yeah. Make good. Town.
Yeah.
Alice, go with this! Go, my us.
Yeah, I'm in
The 10 years experience. Yeah, they they. They could see that
No, I'm
I am.
Hey!
Okay, , in
Hmm.
In, the.
See.
See you, man.
One. Okay. , I want them
See, e, one.
See.
Yeah, I know. Dick, when telling me, Bhina, I'm even Kantala from India.
But can I purchase
Well.
So can I say, hey? No, no, no.
One they're not the end, though I see.
Killing them, as I is. Ital traffic completion.
Good, and those enough.
Hey!
What I would wanna say and
Maintain the alright.
No, I thought
Yeah.
See.
They're rhetoric. They're photographed
Tell me.
And the shake up the Shaola name for machinery
See go in.
Yeah, see? You.
Alright!
Why not?
Okay.
As he gained at they no way.
Okay, I'm having
I see, Kate, I'd be that
Okay.
Okay. Yeah.
Are you there.
You put any atomically in the webinar, but I'm asking for Maricabra.
I wouldn't take it. Katie Nikolius.
Yes.
Oh, we're gonna say, App.
Yes, yes.
Whether maintenance, Ian, we can't tell me
Second. Yeah, okay, I'm sorry I got missing my body chat
Well, from what?
Why not?
Dial it
I am.
And
Not any.
That's a good issue. But
Amel!
Oh, yeah.
Hey? Awesome!
Inventory
See.
I think
What is it?
See.
Okay.
I guess I can move in.
No, no, seatanic cruia like the milestones, a.
Why not?
How's he gonna see yet in our numbers?
I'm
Not like mafen. No Yokola chicas see
Okay.
No more. But I guess, , yeah, perfect.
Yeah.
And keep for phone signs. Text align
Yes, some deep asset issues
Thing. I'm a contractor
No, I thought they know it. I'm okay.
Yeah.
I have to. Yeah, perfect Kenya. No, I am just noio Casier Rodriguez implement this.
Okay. Oh, but I will see that when I go back.
And said.
Yeah, and then contact is 10 on the level.
So it says, packing I think I'm coming down alright if I'm almost gone, hit it.
Okay.
How much are they hit it? Big? Ek.
So Kari
Yeah, can. Yeah. Yeah. Hey? Karen, alright.
Hi, yeah.
Hi
Take that!
I estimated Moya avivo
Okay. Alright!
Oh, yeah.
Hey? There! Oh, I see. Item.
Avidada honesty. Hika Baroto pono.
Emmy Premier at Pennsylvania, and
He, hey? Well for me, and I see as you can
Same here.
You want to, hey? Go! That's awesome.
You mean, and
I mean, I may have met Madagascar. I will try and do that.
No balloon. I'm yoga, too, on green Cast.
Mangan Dallas. Sunny. Yeah. See? Like cross
So we can drink us, and I go momentum. It will drink as Islamic or console.
See.
Just Alice. No, no, no, no! Hello. Thing will tangle around. Yeah.
I see nothing else
The thing goes.
See lateral later on.
See.
No, I don't think that. But no, I got it.
Yeah.
How's he gonna answer, city
Okay.
Yep.
See.
A.
Okay.
My console as okay, by
And yeah.
Cecil Lol presented.
Second.
Akay, I'll go radius
Oh! And so
Team
Oh, yeah.
Oh!
Okay, see they they told you a contact or some Anthony.
Once we had them. They all, they initiate
Nomina, but also different, doesn't it?
Okay. Yeah.
Team! Oh, everybody in the oh, yeah, see?
Then we'll go ahead and
And but if you got the kill premise in case there, good.
Okay, they will try.
Okay.
Nobody says me for it. That okay, those are only ones.
8,
Team
Cool, see
See.
A, yeah, I got 8,
Yeah.
Come up!
Yeah, excuse me, it's a I like.
CEO, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo ya?
Oh, yeah, I see game now. You see, that is which other
A you know. I'm also settled by passive female.
Fortunately in Draga. Look, I said, Yeah, I did have a link that you had patience yelling.
The last week I signed, you see, and recording to
Inspector, or at least I think
And dances.
Yep.
If you're
See mixing body, Alice, etc. Is this, is it
This is Diana.
Telecommunic okay, we have like classes. They give how? Pages perkit.
No, you see
Fundamental asset, trace links Andrea as well as to Calligo, a link that did have patience.
Illing the survey. See? Oh, that was important, like!
What did you and Dsd. As Para as selected, you should think.
Go vain to be as Abby list, but record here it's not chatting. Go, ventil.
Years! Hey! Ludi mafia! Alas!
I see it. 10 super attendees connection, see if you watch the way at Laramas Island Event.
And yes, I look at I you, anybody.
Hi
Okay. Anthony, all a no solar problem.
Lip, again.
No.
Hey? For the I like it
The Kongari. Okay.
Hey!
No, you got no, you got no, you got no, you got no better lead that
Yeah.
It'salia
A
A and Zoom Phone
You have linking shower at the Amena
If they as you gonna like, what is it to the welcome party?
Bacon bartender me Linksito Day and Lincoln in Canada.
If Napoleon, colleague Santragas, are equivalent in Nba, maybe
Oh, no, that's so. They his Mandela, that's what they know to me.
Yeah, bye, bye.
But
Alright!
So if I yep, Bamus
I must add
Okay, yeah, well, we can
And yet hey!
So already. I will need that. But I can't come on for 2 precisely
Hold on! Hold on!
And one you don't reckon
There you call
The.
Hmm.
And
Lakharl
Jamie hot
Can you? Can you? I had
Okay.
No. See? Okay? And
Hey, Len, my name is Zoom
Ahead.
Okay.
Is.
You last summer
Hmm.
Kabuliko
At the backing meal
Hey! Both.
No perfect.
But I didn't input your a Italian.
Oh, okay. Okay.
See in Ewalida
T. E. M. And Yahoo for Maladios. See Engraving
Yeah.
Yeah, no, not that safely, Victoria, but I am thinking of it
Cassie, Cassinos. It's doesn't want done.
Add, yeah, when was that Valencia? Yeah, customs?
Yeah, that in an easier preliminary
And
Yeah. Hello.
Yeah. Man, yeah. Picked up Pennsylvania.
That I
Is.
Maybe yeah. So I recommend that zoom right? The recommender, yeah, moochie simo, check it.
Come, a
Con color is mass. Soviet. See Coloursoria Kapoor.
Ias and Nago a Blanco see
See me of head, your
It will be, carry on back. Then they go. Powers as he gonna have more.
One perspective. Yes. Okay. You say Pauline and Seattle seek a blanket and set on.
Hey! Stop!
As you get
And for Megalia
Can I comment? There.
And it doesn't see it. Okay, implement this.
And Kamoski most
No.
Kimas, are you here?
No. Yeah.
As you can. They like, let me. But now I don't
No, I'm not not no shale like for a man
No no that's what they know me. He knows Thatamo here.
So to
Not qualified for capacity, so he took it up. You know it's like a good appetite
No boy got to no break out. No, no calling
Theater in the middle. Hmm.
You know.
As you get. No